Add question and answer stub for monitoring query performance to FAQ. (#84)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/infrastructure/faq.md

This could be caused by a mismatched connection limit between the Fleet server and the MySQL server that prevents Fleet from fully utilizing the database. First [determine how many open connections your MySQL server supports](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/too-many-connections.html). Now set the [`--mysql_max_open_conns`](./configuring-the-fleet-binary.md#mysql_max_open_conns) and [`--mysql_max_idle_conns`](./configuring-the-fleet-binary.md#mysql_max_idle_conns) flags appropriately.

## How do I monitor the performance of my queries?

> Fleet can live query the `osquery_schedule` table. Performing this live query allows you to get the performance data for your scheduled queries. Fleet can then output this data in a format that is compatible with prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet can live query the `osquery_schedule` table. Performing this live query allows you to get the performance data for your scheduled queries. Also consider scheduling a query to the `osquery_schedule` table to get these logs into your logging pipeline.
```
Support for Prometheus with this use case does not exist yet.

Author: Got it! Fixed.
